enhancement/integrate-store-chat (#230)
status-im/nim-waku: docs/tutorial/dingpu.md

## Basic chat usage

> > The chat app requires that the remote peer connected to is supports the WakuStore protocol. For Dingpu this is already the case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If historical messaging is desired, the chat app requires that the remote peer specified in `storenode` option supports the WakuStore protocol. For the current cluster node deployed as part of Dingpu this is already the case.
```
